♪ Ethereal  electronic music ♪
♪
It's built
for Apple Intelligence,
from the inside out.
It has our most powerful
Pro chip
and our most advanced
camera system,
with an intuitive
new Camera Control,
plus thinner borders
for our largest-ever display.
The next generation of iPhone
starts now.
This is iPhone 16 Pro
with Apple Intelligence.
[APPLE INTELLIGENCE TONE]
A new powerful, private,
personal intelligence system,
deeply integrated into
your phone and across your apps
to help you get things done
effortlessly.
You can describe a photo
you took years ago
and Apple Intelligence
will find it.
♪
It'll summarize
an email thread
to give you
the most important information.
And it gives Siri
a richer understanding of you
and what's on your iPhone.
- Find the podcast Marissa --
no --
Justin sent the other day.
- It can help you
express yourself
with the perfect Genmoji.
♪
[MESSAGE SENT TONE]
And make whatever you're writing
more concise.
All this and more,
powered by the supercharged
A18 Pro,
with a new 16-core
Neural Engine,
and a new 6-core GPU for
enhanced graphics performance.
[CLATTERING]
It also drives
the new Camera Control,
a blend of hardware
and software innovation.
You can easily access
your camera,
change settings,
and take a photo.
[CAMERA SHUTTER]
iPhone 16 Pro and Pro Max
[CAMERA SHUTTERS]
now come with
a 5x Telephoto camera,
the longest optical zoom
of any iPhone.
As well as the 48-megapixel
Fusion camera,
there is a 48-megapixel
Ultra Wide camera
for even higher-resolution
macro photography.
And next-gen
Photographic Styles
means you can choose a style
and then personalize it
to your preferred aesthetic.
In a massive upgrade
to pro filmmaking,
you can now shoot 4K resolution
at 120 frames per second
in Dolby Vision.
[GLASS SHATTERING]
So you can capture and edit
cinematic slow motion.
[GLASS TINKLING]
iPhone 16 Pro
also comes equipped
with studio-quality mics,
while Audio Mix
gives you more control
to do things
like optimize for voices.
>> Look! Over there!
- Quick, he's gonna jump!
- Get him!  00:02:35,288
[CLACK]
Intelligent. Powerful.
Innovative.
From the inside out.
This is iPhone 16 Pro.